docs: Update page titles, section landing pages, and side TOC (#16760)
eslint/eslint: docs/src/contribute/index.md

## [Set up a Development Environment](development-environment)

Developing for ESLint is a bit different than running it on the command line. This section shows you how to set up a development environment and get you ready to write code.

## [Run the Tests](tests)

There are a lot of unit tests included with ESLint to make sure that we're keeping on top of code quality. This section explains how to run the unit tests.

## [Work on Issues](work-on-issue)

Have some extra time and want to contribute? This section talks about the process of working on issues.

## [Submit a Pull Request](pull-requests)

We're always looking for contributions from the community. This section explains the requirements for pull requests and the process of contributing code.

## [Governance](governance)

Describes the governance policy for ESLint, including the rights and privileges of individuals inside the project.

## [Get the Source Code](source-code)

Before you can get started developing ESLint, you'll need to get a copy of the ESLint source code. This section explains how to do that and a little about the source code structure.

## Report a Security Vulnerability

> To report a security vulnerability in ESLint, please use our [HackerOne program](https://hackerone.com/eslint).

Reviewer: This just changed, so might as well reflect it here.

```suggestion
To report a security vulnerability in ESLint, please use our [create an advistory](https://github.com/eslint/eslint/security/advisories/new).
```

> To report a security vulnerability in ESLint, please use our [create an advistory](https://github.com/eslint/eslint/security/advisories/new).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To report a security vulnerability in ESLint, please use our [create an advisory](https://github.com/eslint/eslint/security/advisories/new).
```

Typo?

Author: yep, looks like it. fixing
